386 add levmar (#722)
fitbenchmarking/fitbenchmarking: docs/source/users/install_instructions/fitbenchmarking.rst

* ``bumps``-- installs the `Bumps <https://bumps.readthedocs.io>`_ fitting package.
* ``DFO`` -- installs the `DFO-LS <http://people.maths.ox.ac.uk/robertsl/dfols/userguide.html>`_ and `DFO-GN <http://people.maths.ox.ac.uk/robertsl/dfogn/userguide.html>`_ fitting packages.

> * ``levmar`` -- installs the `levmar <https://github.com/SasView/sasmodels>`_ fitting package.  Note that the interface we use also requires BLAS and LAPLACK to be installed on the system, and calls to this minimizer will fail if these libraries are not present.

Author: ```suggestion
* ``levmar`` -- installs the `levmar <http://users.ics.forth.gr/~lourakis/levmar/>`_ fitting package.  Note that the interface we use also requires BLAS and LAPLACK to be installed on the system, and calls to this minimizer will fail if these libraries are not present.
```
